# SafeBound-A-Modular-Tool-Chain-for-End-to-End-Safety-Evaluation-of-ADS
A tool that systematically selects, executes scenarios, and evaluates the safety of ADS/.


1. **Euro-NCAP-SceanrioCatalog.pdf**  - List of scenarios provided by Euro-NCAP. </br>

2. **FollowLeadVehicle_data.csv** - shows the output generated by the Data Collection Module of the SafeBound Tool. </br>

3. **FollowLeadVehicle_metrics.csv** -shows the output generated by the Safety Evaluation of the ADS Module of the SafeBound Tool. </br>

4. **FollowLeadVehicle.json** --shows the output generated by the Scenario Execution Module of the SafeBound Tool. </br>

5. **FollowLeadVehicle.py**  - shows the output generated by the Sceanrio Implementation Module of the SafeBound Tool. </br> 

6. **FollowLeadVehicle.xml**  - shows the output generated by the Scenario Configuration Module of the SafeBound Tool. </br>

7. **NHTSA-ScenarioCatalog.pdf**  - List of scenarios provided by the US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. </br> 

8. **Plots** show the plots for safety metrics calculated for each set of input parameters generated by the Data Visualization and Report Module of the SafeBound Tool. </br>

9. **Simulation-Report**  - shows a sample of a simulation report  generated by the Data Visualization and Report Module of the SafeBound Tool </br>

10. **Singapore-ScenarioCatalog**  - List of scenarios provided by the  Land Transport Authority of Singapore. </br>

11. **Tool-Demo** - Provides a demo to use the  SafeBound Tool </br>

12. **A sample output of the SSTSS Process** - shows an example output of the SSTSS Process.

